## Investment Portfolio Strategy

# Abstract
  There exists a great common goal among people, which is to make the money grows somehow. However, it is not easy because to make the money grows, people must invest their money, and it is impossible to think about investment without thinking about the risks involved. There are many ways to invest money, and one of the greatest, most efficient, and accessible ways is investing in the stock market. The idea of investing in stocks is great because companies tend to rise in value over time, and people can buy little pieces of those companies to have their money rising in value accordingly. There indeed exist some real risks involved in this sort of investment, even because prices of individual stocks rise and fall daily. However, there are many strategies and indicators to be used to reduce considerably these risks. Also, investments in stable companies that can grow tend to make profits for investors. Besides the appreciation of individual stock prices, some companies also pay dividends, which is one more source of income for investors. Therefore, investment in the stock market has proven to be very profitable over the years for aggregating different sources of passive income for investors.
  
# Introduction
  This project is focused on helping the client Karina in her investments.  Karina is a lucky young woman who received an inheritance of $100,000 and wants to invest this money and make it grows over time. She does not have experience investing, for this reason she is reaching out for help to build her first portfolio of stocks. Despite not having experience, she already had some stocks in mind that she wants to invest in. These stocks are Apple, Amazon and Nike. She heard about these stocks through some friends and wants them in her portfolio. Karina handles well with exposure to risk, and her goal is to have a portfolio with high potential of gains. 

  In order to provide the best service by creating a great portfolio for Karina, we will add more stocks to have a diversified portfolio, which is a great strategy to reduce the risks of the overall portfolio. An analysis in other six stocks that our team believe it is a good fit for Karina’s goal will be made to find the best option to fulfill her portfolio. These stocks will be Charter Communications, Netflix, Tesla, Plug Power, Facebook, and Microsoft. Lastly, we will use S&P500 data to measure the performance of our portfolio. So, we will be analyzing nine stocks total:  Apple, Amazon, Nike, Charter Communications, Netflix, Tesla, Plug Power, Facebook, and Microsoft; plus, the Benchmark. The data that will be used to make this analysis are the last years of the data price of these securities; this analysis will help us to decide which of them are the best choices to fit in Karina’s portfolio.

  We will start with an explanatory analysis where a company’s description will be provided as well as visualizations of the data such as moving averages, RSI, and Bollinger Bands. All these measures will be explained and commented for a better understanding of our client. Then, we will go through each stock and analyze their German Klass Volatility, and Sharpe Ratio to have an idea of individual performance. Lastly, we will build different portfolios options, which has different strategies that will provide different levels of risk and potential returns. We will provide a final recommendation according to Karina’s profile. Although she shall feel free to choose any strategy that she feels most comfortable with.
